https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-24890 (#8370)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/acm_new.adoc

* Use `RightSizingRecommendation` to optimize workloads and understand resource usage across your virtual machines. To learn more, see link:../observability/obs_right_size_intro.adoc#right-size-intro[`RightSizingRecommendation` guides (Technology Preview)].

> * There are component version updates for the Observability service. For more information, see the table list of component versions in the xref:../observability/observability_arch.adoc#observability-arch[Observability architecture] topic.

Reviewer: Let's rewrite this to be a little more explanatory: 

Something like

_The Observability service is compatible with certain versions of technology. Learn which versions are supported with the current version of the Observability service. See...._

But is this new? Or do we just announce it? We don't with other areas, but I think it's fine.

Author: ```suggestion
* The Observability service is compatible with certain versions of technology. Learn which versions are supported with the current version of the Observability service. See the table list of component versions in the xref:../observability/observability_arch.adoc#observability-arch[Observability architecture] topic.
```
